Feature/additional cli args (#30)
kedro-org/kedro-plugins: kedro-airflow/README.md

#### What if my DAG file is in a different directory to my project folder?

By default the generated DAG file is configured to live in the same directory as your project as per this [template](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-plugins/blob/main/kedro-airflow/kedro_airflow/airflow_dag_template.j2#L44). If your DAG file is located in a different directory to your project, you will need to tweak this  manually after running the `kedro airflow create` command.

> 
> #### What if I want to use another Jinja2 Template in a different location
> 
> You can use the additional command line argument (`--jinja-file/-j`) that allows the user to provide an alternative path to the Jinja2 template. Note that these files have to accept the same variables as those used in the original Jinja2-Template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### What if I want to use a different Jinja2 template?

You can use the additional command line argument `--jinja-file` (alias `-j`) to provide an alternative path to a Jinja2 template. Note that these files have to accept the same variables as those used in the [default Jinja2 template](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-plugins/blob/main/kedro-airflow/kedro_airflow/airflow_dag_template.j2).
```

```bash

> kedro airflow create --jinja-file ./custom/template.j2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kedro airflow create --jinja-file=./custom/template.j2
```
(just a small convention that we very roughly follow: usually `=` when using `--flag` and no equals sign for a short alias `-f`)
